December 23, 2025
Dear saints,

We are pleased to announce a Carolinas Blending Conference that will begin Saturday morning January 17th, 2026 and concludes Lord’s Day afternoon on January 18th in Charleston, South Carolina, which has been designated as a GTCA target city for 2026. This announcement supersedes previous announcements with changes and additional information. The general subject of the conference is Proclaiming the Gospel, Christ as the Jubilee of Grace.

The following Monday is the Martin Luther King holiday, and we plan to distribute Bibles for America (BfA) Bibles and books in Charleston that day on January 19th and concluding Tuesday January 20th. The Carolinas Blending Conference combined with the BfA distribution afterwards constitutes the inaugural event of The Truth Sets US Free, which includes a series of gospel events in 2026 as part of a broader burden to spread the truths of the Lord’s recovery in the United States. To present this burden brother Minoru Chen will be joining the conference by Zoom and brother Tony Barba from BfA will be joining in person.

These events also coincide with the Carolinas FTTA gospel trip, and saints that can stay after the conference are welcome to register to join the gospel activity. There will be a coordination meeting to prepare for the gospel trip on Lord’s Day evening.

The schedule of events are as follows:

Day	Event	Time
Saturday 1/17	Meeting 1	10:00 AM
Meeting 2	7:30 PM
Lord’s Day 1/18	Meeting 3	10:00 AM
Gospel Trip Coordination	7:30 PM
Monday 1/19	Downtown Charleston Sowing	TBD
Tuesday 1/20	College Campuses Sowing	TBD
We have reserved a room block for Friday and Saturday nights at a price of $153 per night plus taxes, and the cutoff date to book has been extended to Lord’s day, December 30th, 2025. Room prices will likely go up after the cutoff date since the hotel is completely booked aside from our room block. Reservations include a complimentary breakfast, evening reception, and guest-room Wi-Fi.

Saints that are able to stay after the conference are welcome to join the Bibles for America distribution with the FTTA trainees in Charleston. No room block has been reserved for Lord’s day and Monday nights. Those planning to stay for the gospel trip can make their own reservations with the hotel outside of the room block or call the hotel to combine additional nights.

Child care will be provided for the three conference meetings in kindergarten through 6th grade. Children in middle school and high school are expected to attend the conference meetings.

Please register at this link for the conference for our planning purposes; after registering as a second step please book your reservation with the hotel:

https://forms.gle/iiTvdr2i2frTQi6S6

For those needing childcare during the meetings, please complete this registration for each child:

https://forms.gle/CxSqzJqkYYaZtSqm7